README.md, before:

# Purpose
While doing some research on SLAM / VO for my Masterthesis I noticed that there is no list which is up to date and holds
all currently available SLAM algorithms. Since the search took a long time and I wish no one else to have to do the
same thing I figured I should probably just make this list public. So, here you go a list of all the SLAM algorithms/
topics I was able to find, related references and a link to the code if available. Feel free to extend and use the list
as you wish.


[List in google document viewer](https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

[List rendered through Jupyter](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/blob/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

[Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

Note: This is a work in progress, I wasn't able to check all references yet so please don't be offended if a reference
is not perfect or a link in the references doesn't work.

Commit message:

Add list of monocular graph-based SLAM approaches

README.md, after:

# Purpose
While doing some research on SLAM / VO for my Masterthesis I noticed that there
is no list which is up to date and holds all currently available SLAM
algorithms. Since the search took a long time and I wish no one else to have to
do the same thing I figured I should probably just make this list public. So,
here you go a list of all the SLAM algorithms/ topics I was able to find,
related references and a link to the code if available. Feel free to extend and
use the list as you wish.


[List in google document viewer](https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

[List rendered through Jupyter](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/blob/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

[Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/SLAM_table.pdf)

----------------

I have also added another list which gives a short outline on those
implementations which work for a monocular camera setup and use a graph-based
approach.


[Google document viewer](https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/Monocular_graph_based_SLAM_table.pdf)

[Jupyter](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/blob/master/Monocular_graph_based_SLAM_table.pdf)

[Download](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kafendt/List-of-SLAM-VO-algorithms/master/Monocular_graph_based_SLAM_table.pdf)

---------------

Note: This is a work in progress, I wasn't able to check all references yet so
please don't be offended if a reference is not perfect or a link in the
references doesn't work.
